Title: Recommended Books

Note: Clicking on these links helps support Data Science Bytes through Amazon's
associates program. I make every effort to provide an honest assessment of these
books.

## Data Science and Machine Learning

* <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/1449361323/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=9325&creativeASIN=1449361323&linkCode=as2&tag=datscibyt-20&linkId=76DSBPJXL7M57NGT">Data Science for Business</a><img src="http://ir-na.amazon-adsystem.com/e/ir?t=datscibyt-20&l=as2&o=1&a=1449361323" width="1" height="1" border="0" alt="" style="border:none !important; margin:0px !important;" />
  A great description of many machine learning techniques with discussions of 
  their application to real problems.

* <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/1449319793/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=9325&creativeASIN=1449319793&linkCode=as2&tag=datscibyt-20&linkId=KMUOLANFMHBLKQL6">Python for Data Analysis</a><img src="http://ir-na.amazon-adsystem.com/e/ir?t=datscibyt-20&l=as2&o=1&a=1449319793" width="1" height="1" border="0" alt="" style="border:none !important; margin:0px !important;" />
  A thorough and well written description of the python data science stack by 
  one of the people who made it what it is.

* <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/1782161406/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=9325&creativeASIN=1782161406&linkCode=as2&tag=datscibyt-20&linkId=7WINVXAS5NZRMBRM">Building Machine Learning Systems with Python</a><img src="http://ir-na.amazon-adsystem.com/e/ir?t=datscibyt-20&l=as2&o=1&a=1782161406" width="1" height="1" border="0" alt="" style="border:none !important; margin:0px !important;" />
  This book goes in depth into the process of building machine learning systems,
including feature extraction, evaluating the results and iterating on them to
improve performance. Unfortunately the code available online as a supplement for
this book doesn't match well with the code in the book and doesn't always work
without modification.

* <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/1449370780/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=9325&creativeASIN=1449370780&linkCode=as2&tag=datscibyt-20&linkId=XUSR7V5OXE4MADL4">Think Bayes</a><img src="http://ir-na.amazon-adsystem.com/e/ir?t=datscibyt-20&l=as2&o=1&a=1449370780" width="1" height="1" border="0" alt="" style="border:none !important; margin:0px !important;" />
  A good introduction to the Bayesian thinking and methods. I'd recommend this
book to any scientist. PDF and HTML versions are available for free at [Green Tea Press](http://www.greenteapress.com/thinkbayes/).

* <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/1449307116/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=9325&creativeASIN=1449307116&linkCode=as2&tag=datscibyt-20&linkId=BZA5YVIZ64U2ZSQT">Think Stats</a><img src="http://ir-na.amazon-adsystem.com/e/ir?t=datscibyt-20&l=as2&o=1&a=1449307116" width="1" height="1" border="0" alt="" style="border:none !important; margin:0px !important;" />
  I especially recommend this book if you're coming into data science from a non-statistics background. It book provides a useful (and fast) introduction to 
many important statistical concepts using python code. PDF and HTML versions are available for free at [Green Tea Press](http://www.greenteapress.com/thinkstats/).

## Preparing for Data Science Interviews

Unless you're coming from a computer science or, depending on the company,
statistics, background the problems you're likely to during a Data Science 
interview are likely different from the problems you've encountered in the past.
These books can help you prepare for the types of questions typical of 
interviews at technology companies.

* <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/098478280X/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=9325&creativeASIN=098478280X&linkCode=as2&tag=datscibyt-20&linkId=DO5NV4N3SYXJS5UA">Cracking the Coding Interview: 150 Programming Questions and Solutions</a><img src="http://ir-na.amazon-adsystem.com/e/ir?t=datscibyt-20&l=as2&o=1&a=098478280X" width="1" height="1" border="0" alt="" style="border:none !important; margin:0px !important;" />
  This book contains a good mix of coding questions including many focusing on
combinatorics and data structures, which you'll likely encounter at a data
science interview. There is also advice about interviewing, information about
typical interview structure and other helpful tips. The solution for the code
are in Java, however I tried solving many of the problems in python.

* <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/1449314635/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=9325&creativeASIN=1449314635&linkCode=as2&tag=datscibyt-20&linkId=73K7YNK6CTF2WTFM">Think Complexity</a><img src="http://ir-na.amazon-adsystem.com/e/ir?t=datscibyt-20&l=as2&o=1&a=1449314635" width="1" height="1" border="0" alt="" style="border:none !important; margin:0px !important;" />
  Another Allen B. Downey book. I wish I'd read this before some of my 
interviews as graph search questions come up fairly frequently. This book 
provides a well paced introduction to several interesting algorithms and 
phenomena of computer science and is definitely worth a read. PDF and HTML 
versions are available for free at [Green Tea Press](http://www.greenteapress.com/complexity/).